Added new automation example for entity update (#1479)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/actions-and-automations/define-automations/examples.md

          curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"text": "The TTL property of service ${{ inputs.service_name }} has expired."}' $TEAMS_WEBHOOK_URL
```

---

> ## Update a service default values upon creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update a service's default values upon creation
```

### Automation definition

> When a new service is created, we want to set default values to some properties. By using the `ENTITY_CREATED` trigger type, we can run custom logic for this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new service is created, we may want to set default values for some of its properties.  
By using the `ENTITY_CREATED` trigger type, we can automate this.
```

> The following definition will set a default `type` and `domain` to a new `service` entity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following definition will set a default `type` and `domain` to every new `service` entity:
```
